Feat/15086/add banner severities component (#17307)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: ui/components/component-library/banner/README.mdx

import { Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { Banner } from './banner';
import { BannerBase } from '..';

# Banner

The `Banner` component is used for inline notifcations and has different colors based on context's severity.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-banner--default-story" />
</Canvas>

## Props

> The `Banner` accepts all props below as well as all [Box](/docs/ui-components-ui-box-box-stories-js--default-story#props) component props

Reviewer: Need to update the box url 
```suggestion
The `Banner` accepts all props below as well as all [Box](/docs/components-ui-box--default-story#props) component props
```

  This is a demo of severity Danger.
</Banner>
<Banner severity={SEVERITIES.SUCCESS} title="Success">
  This is a demo of severity Success.
</Banner>
```

### Title

Use the `title` prop to pass a string that is sentence case no period. Use the `titleProps` prop to pass additional props to the `Text` component.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-banner--title" />
</Canvas>

```jsx
import { Banner } from '../../component-library';

<Banner title="Title is sentence case no period">
  Pass only a string through the title prop
</Banner>;
```

### Children

The `children` is the description area of the `Banner` that can be a text or react node. Description shouldn't repeat title and only 1-3 lines.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-banner--children" />
</Canvas>

```jsx
import { SIZES } from '../../../helpers/constants/design-system';
import { Banner } from '../../component-library';

<Banner>
  {`Description shouldn't repeat title. 1-3 lines. Can contain a `}
  <ButtonLink size={SIZES.AUTO} href="https://metamask.io/" target="_blank">
    hyperlink.
  </ButtonLink>
</Banner>;
```

### Action Button Label, onClick, & Props

> Use the `actionButtonLabel` prop to pass text, `actionButtonOnClick` prop to pass an onClick handler, and `actionButtonProps` prop to pass an object of [ButtonLink props](/docs/ui-components-component-library-button-link-button-link-stories-js--default-story) for the action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `actionButtonLabel` prop to pass text, `actionButtonOnClick` prop to pass an onClick handler, and `actionButtonProps` prop to pass an object of [ButtonLink props](/docs/components-componentlibrary-buttonlink--default-story) for the action
```
